feat: Add JavaScript SDK migration docs to Sentry docs site (#9796)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/migration/v7-to-v8/index.mdx

---
title: Migrate from 7.x to 8.x
sidebar_order: 8910
description: "Learn about migrating from Sentry JavaScript SDK 7.x to 8.x"
---

The main goal of version 8 is to improve our performance monitoring APIs, integrations API, and ESM support. This
version is breaking because we removed deprecated APIs, restructured npm package contents, and introduced new
dependencies on OpenTelemetry.

## Migration Codemod

Before updating to `8.x` of the SDK, we recommend upgrading to the latest version of `7.x`. To fix all deprecations on `7.x`, you can use the `@sentry/migr8` codemod to automatically update your SDK usage. `@sentry/migr8` requires Node 18+.

```bash
npx @sentry/migr8@latest
```

> This will let you select which updates to run, and automatically update your code. Make sure to still review all code changes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our migration tool will let you select which updates to run, and automatically update your code. In some cases, we cannot automatically change code for you. These will be marked with a `TODO(sentry)` instead. Make sure to review all code changes after running `@sentry/migr8`!
```

---
title: Migrate from 7.x to 8.x
sidebar_order: 8999
description: "Learn about migrating from Sentry JavaScript SDK 7.x to 8.x"
---

The main goal of version 8 is to improve our performance monitoring APIs, integrations API, and ESM support. This
version is breaking because we removed deprecated APIs, restructured npm package contents, and introduced new
dependencies on OpenTelemetry.

## Migration Codemod

> Before updating to `8.x` of the SDK, we recommend upgrading to the latest version of `7.x`. To fix all deprecations on `7.x`, you can use the `@sentry/migr8` codemod to automatically update your SDK usage. `@sentry/migr8` requires Node 18+.

Reviewer 2: yeah, should probably be "fix most deprecations" or something like this? 😅

```bash
npx @sentry/migr8@latest
```

This will let you select which updates to run, and automatically update your code. Make sure to still review all code changes!

## Migration Guide

Please see our [detailed migration guide](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/develop/MIGRATION.md#upgrading-from-7x-to-8x) for more information on migrating from `7.x` to `8.x`.

{/* Make sure to update the PlatformSection below when new fully fleshed out migration guides are added */}

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

## Upgrading to `8.x`

<PlatformContent includePath="migration/javascript-v8/intro" />

> We recommend you read through all the [Important Changes](#important-changes) as they affect all Next.js SDK users. The [Other Changes](#other-changes) linked below only affect users who have very custom instrumentation. There is also a [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section for common issues.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we want/should do this in this PR or in a follow up, but we should make sure to only show the relevant stuff for the current guide (e.g. replay can be hidden for node guides, profiling-node for non-node guides etc).

Author: Yes! I moved replay into browser specific other changes

## Important Changes

<PlatformContent includePath="migration/javascript-v8/important-changes" />

## Other Changes

<PlatformContent includePath="migration/javascript-v8/other-changes" />

### Removal of `@sentry/replay` package

The `@sentry/replay` package is no longer required. Instead you can import the relevant methods directly from your SDK. In addition to this, the integration is now functional instead of class based.

```JavaScript diff
-import { Replay } from '@sentry/replay';
-
 Sentry.init({
   dsn: '___PUBLIC_DSN___',
   integrations: [
-    new Replay(),
+    new Sentry.replayIntegration(),
   ],
 });
```

<PlatformContent includePath="migration/javascript-v8/integrations-package-removal" />

### Removal of `@sentry/hub`

`@sentry/hub` has been removed and will no longer be published. All of the @sentry/hub exports have moved to `@sentry/core` or other related SDKs.

<PlatformContent includePath="migration/javascript-v8/tracing-package-removal" />

## Troubleshooting

<PlatformContent includePath="migration/javascript-v8/troubleshooting" />

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

{/* TODO: Remove the generic summary */}

> <PlatformContent includePath="migration/javascript-v8/summary" />

Author: For SDKs we have not created detailed migration docs for, we reference a summary in `platform-includes/migration/javascript-v8/summary/javascript.mdx`. This means we can incrementally convert SDKs to have more detailed migration docs based on priority.

Ideally by the end, no SDK uses these generic docs and each of them have structures similar to Next.js docs above
